feat(gatsby-plugin-theme-ui): Add config option to disable body script (#1370)
system-ui/theme-ui: packages/gatsby-plugin-theme-ui/README.md

## Options

| Key             | Default value | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| --------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `prismPreset`   | `null`        | The name of the preset you'd like to use to style code blocks inside your markdown files. The available presets can be found in the [theme-ui docs](https://theme-ui.com/packages/prism/). You can also use a package string of your own choosing. |
| `preset`        | `null`        | This can be a JSON theme object or a string package name. Make sure the package you're requiring is installed in your dependencies.                                                                                                                |

> | `noFlashScript` | `true`        | Setting this option to `false` will stop inserting the `theme-ui-no-flash` script in your pages. Useful for AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) sites.                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `noFlashScript` | `true`        | By default, the plugin injects a `script` tag to prevent color mode flashing. Set this option to `false` to omit the script. Useful for AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) pages. |
```

Author: Thanks, renamed it
